---
layout: essay
type: essay
title: Assignment 1
# All dates must be YYYY-MM-DD format!
date: 2020-05-07
labels:
  - Assignment 2
  - E5 Reflection
  - MIS
---

Provide a brief introduction to the assignment along with a link to this page for further details
  For assignment 2, we had to add a login and register feature before the customer could purchase our items. Instead of directly redirecting the customer from the products page, first they would have to either register as a member or log in. 
  Link to this page: https://dport96.github.io/ITM352/morea/150.Assignment2/experience-Assignment2_retrospective.html
What did you learn from this assignment?
  I learned how to hold onto pieces of information on the side while not displaying it, so that when we need it in the end , it won’t be lost in the process. Also I learned how to store info such as username and passwords. 
Did you work with a partner? Assign an estimated percentage on the amount each team member contributed to the assignment (including yourself).
  I  didn’t work with a partner. 
How did you get help when you needed it? What did you need help with?
  I got help from professor port, when I needed help with redirecting from page to page. For example from the display page, it would go straight to the invoice. I also got help with storing the purchase information while the customer was in the log in or register page. 
How was developing this assignment different than assignment #1?
  It was harder because there are a lot of aspects that you have to focus on and as we start to build on each assignment, it gets confusing. It was much easier to make spelling and smaller mistakes too because there was more code and sometimes I just couldn’t find the error. 
Estimate the % of time you spent (a) thinking about how to do something, (b) writing code (but do not include testing, (c) testing and debugging
  Minimum I spent 1-2 hours, but longest I worked on it is around 4 hours trying things, but it still wouldn’t work, or I couldn’t figure it out.
Describe what worked well with this project? What did not work well?
  The overall dynamics works for the assignment, however there's small details that I think could make this run smoother but not sure how to do that. 
If you could go back in time and do things differently, what would you do differently?
  I think I would want to pay more attention to the details and make my web page prettier design wise, maybe through a template or something. 

